Rahul: Good morning everyone. Let’s get started.
Rahul: The goal today is to finalize the mobile app release timeline.
Anjali: Most APIs are done, but we have performance issues under load.
Arun: QA testing showed delays when users exceeded 5,000.
Rahul: How long will it take to fix this?
Anjali: Around 3 to 4 days for optimization and caching.
Vivek: Frontend is ready, waiting for stable APIs.
Sneha: A short delay is financially acceptable.
Rahul: Should we proceed or delay the release?
Anjali: I recommend delaying.
Arun: Agree, better to fix now.
Rahul: Decision — delay release by one week.
Rahul: Anjali will handle backend optimization.
Anjali: I’ll complete it by April 4.
Rahul: Arun will handle QA validation.
Arun: I’ll complete it by April 5.
Rahul: Vivek will prepare the release build.
Vivek: I’ll finish by April 6.
Rahul: I will notify stakeholders.
Sneha: Include cost estimates in the update.
Rahul: Noted.
Rahul: Meeting concluded. Thank you everyone.